Update Microsoft Azure Storage Connector Example 2.x page (#508)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/microsoft-azure-storage-connector/2.x/microsoft-azure-storage-connector-example.md

> **Note**: Before invoking the API, you need to create a **Storage Account** in **Microsoft Azure Storage account**. See [Azure Storage Configuration]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/microsoft-azure-storage-connector/microsoft-azure-storage-configuration/) documentation for more information.

> ## Setup the Integration Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the Integration project
```

Reviewer: Also use sentence case for titles. Check and fix all places. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/text-formatting/formatting-titles

> ## Set up the Integration project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Set up the integration project
```

Follow the steps in the [create integration project]({{base_path}}/develop/create-integration-project/) guide to set up the Integration Project.

> ## Create the Integration logic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Create the integration logic
```

> ## Creating the Integration Logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create the Integration Logic
```

Reviewer: Use sentence case.

> 1. Click `+` on the Extension panel APIs to create the REST API. Specify the API name as `MSAzureStorageTestAPI` and the API context as `/azure`. Then delete the default `/resource` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click `+` on the Extension panel APIs to create the REST API. Specify the API name as `MSAzureStorageTestAPI` and the API context as `/azure`. Then, delete the default `/resource` endpoint.
```

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/adding_create_container_resource.png" title="Adding the createbucket resource" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

3. Click the created resource. Next, click the `+` arrow below the Start node to open the side panel. Select **Externals** and click **Add new Connection**. Search `msazurestorage` and click.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/create_new_connection_btn.png" title="Creating a new connection" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

4. Create a connection as shown below.

    In the window, the following parameters must be provided:

    - **Connection Name**: Unique name to identify the connection.
    - **Connection Type**: msazurestorage
    - **Account Name**: The name of the Azure storage account.
    - **Client ID**: The client ID of the application.
    - **Client Secret**: The client Secret of the application.
    - **Tenant ID**: The Tenant ID of the application.
    - **Default Endpoints Protocol**: http
    !!! note

>         You can either define the Account Access key or Client Credentials for authentication. For more information, please refer [Initialize the connector guide]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/microsoft-azure-storage-connector/2.x/microsoft-azure-storage-reference/#initialize-the-connector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You can either define the Account Access key or Client Credentials for authentication. For more information, please refer to [Initialize the connector guide]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/microsoft-azure-storage-connector/2.x/microsoft-azure-storage-reference/#initialize-the-connector).
```

5. After the connection is successfully created, select the created connection in **Externals**. In the dropdown menu, click `CreateContainer`.
<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/add_create_container_oparation.png" title="Adding create container operation" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

6. Next, configure the following parameters in the properties window,

    - Container Name - json-eval($.containerName)

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/configure_create_container_operation.png" title="Configuring create container operation" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

7. Click `+` below the `CreateContainer` node to add the [Respond Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/respond-mediator/) to send back the response from creating the container as shown below.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/adding_respond_mediator.png" title="Adding a respond mediator" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

> 8. Create the next API resource, which is `/addblob`, by following the same steps as before. This API resource will retrieve information about the blob from the incoming HTTP POST request, such as the container name, blob name, and the file content, and upload it to Microsoft Azure Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Follow the same steps to create the next API resource, '/add blob'. This API resource will retrieve information about the blob from the incoming HTTP POST request, such as the container name, blob name, and the file content, and upload it to Microsoft Azure Storage.
```

Reviewer: Fix all the similar cases.

> 9. Next, add the `uploadBlob` operation from the **Externals** tab using the newly created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Next, add the `uploadBlob` operation from the **Externals** tab using the created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:
```

>     - Container Name - json-eval($.containerName)

Reviewer 2: Use backtick for property names

    - Blob name - json-eval($.fileName)
    - Content Type - json-eval($.contentType)
    - Text Content - json-eval($.textContent)
    - Metadata - json-eval($.metadata)

10. Add the [Respond Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/respond-mediator/) to send back the response from uploading the blob.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/configure_add_blob_operation.png" title="Configuring upload blob operation" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

> 11. Create the next API resource, which is `/downloadblob`, by following the same steps as before. This API resource will retrieve information from the incoming HTTP POST request, such as the container name and blob name, and download from Microsoft Azure Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Follow the same steps to create the next API resource, '/download blob'. This API resource will retrieve information from the incoming HTTP POST request, such as the container name and blob name, and download from Microsoft Azure Storage.
```

> 12. Next, add the `downloadBlob` operation from the **Externals** tab using the newly created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
12. Next, add the `downloadBlob` operation from the **Externals** tab using the created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:
```

>     - Container Name - json-eval($.containerName)

Reviewer 2: Use backtick for property names

    - Blob name - json-eval($.fileName)

13. Finally, add the [Respond Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/respond-mediator/) to send back the response from the `downloadBlob` operation.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/configure_blob_download_operation.png" title="Configuring download blob operation" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

14. Follow the same steps to create the next API resource, `/deleteblob`. This API resource will retrieve information from the incoming HTTP POST request, such as the container name and blob name, and delete the blob from Microsoft Azure Storage.

> 15. Next, add the `deleteBlob` operation from the **Externals** tab using the newly created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
15. Next, add the `deleteBlob` operation from the **Externals** tab using the created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:
```

>     - Container Name - json-eval($.containerName)

Reviewer 2: Use backtick for property names

    - Blob name - json-eval($.fileName)

16. Finally, add the [Respond Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/respond-mediator/) to send back the response from the `deleteBlob` operation.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/configure_blob_delete_operation.png" title="Configuring delete blob operation" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

17. Follow the same steps to create the next API resource, `/listmetadata`. This API resource will retrieve information from the incoming HTTP POST request, such as the container name and blob name, and retrieve the metadata of the blob from Microsoft Azure Storage.

> 18. Next, add the `listMetadata` operation from the **Externals** tab using the newly created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
18. Next, add the `listMetadata` operation from the **Externals** tab using the created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:
```

>     - Container Name - json-eval($.containerName)

Reviewer 2: Use backtick for property names

    - Blob name - json-eval($.fileName)

19. Finally, add the [Respond Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/respond-mediator/) to send back the response from the `listMetadata` operation.

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/msazure-connector-2x/configure_list_metadata_operation.png" title="Configuring list metadata operation" width="800" alt="Microsoft Azure Storage use case"/>

20. Follow the same steps to create the next API resource, `/deletecontainer`. This API resource will retrieve information from the incoming HTTP POST request, such as the container name, and delete the container from Microsoft Azure Storage.

> 21. Next, add the `deleteContainer` operation from the **Externals** tab using the newly created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
21. Next, add the `deleteContainer` operation from the **Externals** tab using the created connection. In the properties view, provide the following expressions for the below properties:
```

Follow these steps to deploy the exported CApp in the integration runtime. 

**Deploying on Micro Integrator**
To deploy and run the project, refer to the [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) guide.

> ## Testing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Test
```
